V-BIND or colon I know I said
I love V model the most, but
I also love V-BIND the most.
I like both of them.
Okay, so, V-BIND or this colon that's a
shortcut, we have a couple of shortcuts in
Vue because there are some directives
you'll use again and again and again.
And it's a little bit more legible to just
use the colon instead of writing V-BIND,
V-BIND, V-BIND.
So it's one of the most useful directives.
That's part of the reason
why it has a shortcut.
We can use it for so many things.
We can use it for class and
style bindings, dynamic props, etc.
So I'll show you some examples.
So, here instead of the button
not being on the page,
what we have is this V-BIND
of a state of a class.
So we're basically saying, if talk and
then we have a ternary operator.
If tacos is true,
add an active class otherwise don't.
So I can say like our past or here and
what you can see is that we
now have that class appended.
So if we looking inside here
we see this button .active.
What we have is tacos as an empty string.
And we said, okay, add the active class or
active class in this case was active and
that's how it knows to kind of toggle
back and forth between those classes.
Here's an example that's like,
this is a very common use case
making weird Tron things.
No, I'm just kidding.
So this is a style binding that
we're changing perspective origin
based on your mouse movements.
So, if I move my mouse around,
I have this event at mouse move and
I'm able to bind x&y coordinates.
To this style, and
that's how I'm doing this.
That's all that it takes to make
something move around in space,
which is really cool.
So that's that V-BIND style right here.